Create ContributeDev/README.md (#699)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Contribute/ContributeDev/README.md

# Coding BTCPay Server

- [Coding BTCPay Server](#coding-btcpay-server)
  - [Why coding matters](#why-coding-matters)
  - [Where to start](#where-to-start)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)

## Why coding matters

> By helping the project grow, become more mature, advanced and elaborate, coders workingon BTCPay Server are a central compenent of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By helping the project grow, become more mature, advanced and elaborate, coders working on BTCPay Server are a central component of the project.
```
